Use local backend on non-applies (#69)
TakeScoop/terraform-cloud-workspace-action: README.md

### Importing existing resources

> By default, the action will import existing resources of matching values within the Terraform Cloud organization. When `apply` is set to `false`, the configured backend state will be copied to a local backend and `import` will be set to `true`. This grants some visibility into the import changes before they are actually applied to the configured backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the action will import any existing resources it can find based on a unique attribute. It makes multiple passes to discover all existing resources, first finding matching workspaces and then related resources (variables, team access).

When `apply` is set to `false`, the configured backend state will be copied to a local backend and `import` will be set to `true`. This grants some visibility into the import changes before they are actually applied to the configured backend.
```
